# Meeting Minutes
January 23, 2024

## Sorry for not documenting this in a while
We got distracted making some great progress. Let's talk about some of it.

## Pathplanner and Pathfinding
Lucas and Gabe have been working on using Pathplanner to follow autonomous paths, paths generated on the fly, and path finding to points on the field. These are three different things we really want to do but they use the same underlying Pathplanner library and tuning.

### Pathplanner during autonomous
Using the Pathplanner GUI, we can create paths that the robot could follow during autonomous mode. Lucas tuned our use of the Pathplanner library to perform fairly well. We'll perfect it more once we have the actual robot.

### Path generating on the fly
Following examples online, we can also generate paths to be followed at runtime. Those paths are points on the field which we can progamatically generate the same paths we could normally create in the GUI.

### Pathfinding
Pathfinding as opposed to pathplanning is finding a path from where the robot is on the field to another point on the field. Luckily, the library takes care of this for us given a map of the field (provided by our good friends on the internet) and the robot position. It can be unreliable to track the robot position accuractely all the way from the beginning of the match even if you knew exactly where you placed the robot when starting. We'll use the Limelight and 3D tracking through Megatag to triangulate our position on the field during the match.

### Use-cases: Pathfinding + Pathplanning
Our goal will be to combine pathfinding and pathplanning. For example, scoring in the amp. Imagine we are currently holding onto a note. We can then drive our robot to close to the amp. The Limelight keeps track of our actual position on the field. When we get close, we can activate pathfinding to automatically drive to the beginning of an autonomous path. We then pathfollow the path we set up either beforehand (like in Pathplanner during autonomous) or on the fly (Path generating on the fly) to score.

## Drivetrain - Command based
Lucas worked on making the drivetrain use commands instead of time-based robot. The pathfinder and pathplanner use commands so this is a better design to use commands as well.

## Drivetrain - Aiming
Lucas has started on a proof of concept for keeping the robot aimed during shooting. This needs more work because we want to be able to maintain a distance as well as aim the robot at a target while moving.

## Limelight
Gabe has been working with the Limelight. It provides one function called Megatag which can calculate our position on the field when it sees april tags on the field. It is not very accurate with just one april tag but with two it is pretty close based on initial testing and configuration. We'll improve it further when we have the real robot.

Gabe has also been looking into auto-calibration of the limelight following an example online.