# Meeting Minutes
January 8, 2024

## Game manual Link
[Game manual](https://firstfrc.blob.core.windows.net/frc2024/Manual/2024GameManual.pdf)

## What do we have to do
* Swerve
    * This is how we drive
* Auto modes
* April tags
    * Tracking april tags will help us automously score or human assist score
    * Tasks
        * Orient the robot to the goal
        * Aim the shooter
        * Object detection (such as notes)
    * Technology to help us see April Tags:
        * [LimeLight camera website](https://limelightvision.io/)
        * We have a version 3
        * Limelight can identify April Tags and provide information that would allow us to automate driving or assist the driver to navigate to an April Tag\
    * Game pieces
        * The Limelight team promised to develop a model about halfway through the season to detect game pieces.
* Picking up pieces
* Climb
    * It may be pneumatics

## How do we score
* Details: see game manual
* Trap
* Amp
* Speakers

## Timeline
The mechanical team will first plan out how the frame of the robot will look. They will then take Junior to perform robot surgery and then return it (hopefully about a week). Then we will need to retune the swerve drive code.

They will try to make their changes modular to minimize the robot downtime but there will be times when we won't have the robot when we are developing.

We have other resources when we don't have the current year's robot. There is last years robot. We can use the demo board. We can use the briefcase bot.

## What can you work on?
* Run the LEDs on the briefcase bot
* Research LimeLight Camera and what sort of output does it provide? How might we use it to control the robot?
* Do more with the XRPs

### What do you want to work on?
* Small projects (examples)
    * Spin a flywhell
    * Run a motor (achieve a specific speed)
* Pathplanning
    * Lucas
* AprilTags and tracking
    * Gabe
    * Jake
    * Lucas S.
    * Elek
    * Sophie
* Beginner Projects
    * Tylan
        * Understand what the swerve drive is doing
* Short term task
    * Get last year's robot working on the new year
        * Gabe assigned

#### Priority
1. Drive
2. April Tag detection
3. Pathplanning

## Ryan talking about PID
PID tuning is important. You can read over the [WPI docs about PID tuning](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/advanced-controls/introduction/introduction-to-pid.html) before Ryan presents an overview.

PID in general is a solution for feedback control. There's also a form of control called feed forward. The two go hand-in-hand. You can get a nice overview by watching this [youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW_ay7K4jPE). Give a watch and then let us know what you thought!

## Performance Metrics
Danny wants us to be able to drive over to note source, come back, and score within 10 seconds.

We don't have a finialized design about how the pickup system will work but we want to start brainstorming how we might program some of the options.

## Ultrasonic
For the amplifier, we can use a distance sensor (like ultrasonic) can be used to help us score. There's one of the demo board to experiment with.

## Button
We might be able to use button activations as well to detect when the button activates (say you run into a wall) to trip some action to occur.

Key: understanding how to work these systems and interface with them. Goal: be able to press a button and print a message is a good starter goal.
