# Meeting Minutes
January 14, 2024

## Vision

### USB Camera
Daniel worked with the USB camera. By playing with the camera capture resolution and the resolution displayed in Shuffleboard, we were able to achieve ~20-25 Frames Per Second (FPS).

#### Settings
* Capture
    * 600 width
    * 250 height
* Shuffleboard
    * 20 compression
    * 60 fps (likely setting the max. Can also reduce it later to cap it)
    * 500 x 250 resolution

### Limelight
Gabe was looking Limelight. Implemented the distance example provided in the documentation and successfully measured the distance to the april tag using the Demo Board.

#### MegaTag
Started on implementing MegaTag to estimate bot pose by following the example in the online documentation.

Clara found on Chief Delphi the FR map (the field map) that you load in to MegaTag which encodes the field layout with tags. MegaTag uses that to locate the robot based on what tag it sees. We tested using it and it seems reliable.


#### Network Switch Installed
Gabe added a network switch to the demoboard to connect the Limelight to the RoboRio. The network switch is connected to the RoboRio. Then, the radio and the Limelight connect to the switch. This fixed a communication error we were getting before when we connected the Limelight to the RoboRio through the 2nd port of the radio.

#### Distance Implementation Observations
* The distance measurement calculation is very sensitive to limelight angle especially when the limelight height is close to the target height (close: ~10 inches, so to increase reliablity make sure the difference in their heights is > 10 inches).

## Pathplanner
Lucas fixed the problem where the autonomous command wasn't ending and the robot was still running. He realized he could add addtional commands in the pathplanner GUI to stop the robot.

Lucas was able to speed up the robot during autonomous mode. It's close to actual competition speed.

Lucas is now working on tuning the distance the autonomous thinks it is going vs what it is actually doing.

## Last Year's Robot Drive
Ryan + Debbie got it to no longer spin in circles.

They are now handling an issue with the encoder offsets. We can not drive right now because when you tell it to go forward, the wheels may not turn forward.

## Will
Will looked into what debugging information we can gather especially during the competition.

Will talked with Mechanical about their intake including discussions of reliablity and feasibility. 

## Codeacademy
Tylan and Sophie have been working on codeacademy.

Tylan has been working on math problems. He also been taking a look at the XRP.

Sophie has been working on loops like for loops and while loops.